Feature : add condition (#10)
gordalina/GordalinaMixpanelBundle: README.md

**Note**: All `id` properties can be omitted, as they will be set with the id of
the current user in `security.context`

> ### Condition

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Send an event based on a condition
```

> In all annotations, you can add condition with Expression

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In all annotations, you can add conditions with [Expression Language](https://symfony.com/doc/current/components/expression_language.html)
```
